Update SysId docs for 2024 (#2492)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/advanced-controls/system-identification/loading-data.rst

Loading Data
============

After downloading the WPILog containing the tests from the roboRIO, go to the ``Log Loader`` pane in SysId and click ``Open data log file...``.

> .. note:: If the log file has many entries, use the ``Filter`` box to search for the needed entries.

Reviewer: Lets move this note to after we instruct the user on selecting the data

Author: It could be needed for finding the data to select, in which case it is most needed right after the log is loaded into the tool

> After the file loads, look for a ``string`` entry starting with ``sysid-test-state-``. Drag this entry into the Data Selector pane's Test State slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the file loads, look for a ``string`` type entry that records the robot's state. Drag this entry into the Data Selector pane's Test State slot.
```

This keeps it generic for different types of logs using different state names

.. image:: images/log-loaded.png
    :alt: Log Loader and Data Selector panes showing the test state entry and where to move it

Now the ``Data Selector`` pane will present ``Position``, ``Velocity``, and ``Voltage`` slots. In the ``Log Loader`` pane, find entries starting with each of those terms and containing the motor name you set in the ``log`` callback, and drag those into the ``Data Selector`` slots.

.. image:: images/state-selected.png
    :alt: Data Selector pane showing the Position, Velocity, and Voltage slots

.. image:: images/entries-selected.png
    :alt: The Data Selector pane after the Position, Velocity, and Voltage entries have been selected

> Ideally, the correct units for the position and velocity entries would have been set in the code before running the tests. If this was not the case, use the Units dropdown in the ``Data Selector`` pane to correct it. Additionally, if you did not account for a gear ratio or some other factor that scales the recorded values up or down uniformly, you can compensate for that by setting position and velocity scaling factors in the provided text boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, the correct units for the position and velocity entries would have been set in the code before running the tests. If this was not the case, use the Units dropdown in the ``Data Selector`` pane to correct it. Additionally, if you did not account for a gear ratio or some other factor that scales the recorded values up or down uniformly, you can compensate for that by setting position and velocity scaling factors in the provided boxes.
```

.. image:: images/scaling-units.png
    :alt: Unit adjustment and scaling controls

> Ensure the correct analysis type has been selected, then click the ``Load`` button and move on to checking the fit diagnostics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the correct analysis type has been selected, then click the ``Load`` button and move on to checking the fit diagnostics in the ``Analyzer`` pane.
```
